planned features:



Done: 

Feature 1: 
A movable and rescalable DOTA-like map implemented in both PC and Android platform. (including game frame and control panel)

Feature 2:
Come up with a rudimentary set of game rules.

Feature 2.5:
Setup Basic Rendering and Game Controls. (Both on Android and PC)



Features to be done before next milestone:

Feature 3:
Design a few heroes feature for player to control throughout the game. (both in PC and in Android)

Feature 3.5:
Hero modeling in renders. 

Feature 3.6:
Implement round feature. (in PC)

Feature 4:
Allow hero to move around in the game map. (both in PC and in Android)

Feature 4.5:
Advanced Mathematics Acceleration Framework (Intel OpenCL, Renderscript, Accelerate.framework)

Feature 5:
Design a few items for player to purchase. (both in PC and in Android)

Feature 6:
Allow hero to perform various actions. (both in PC and in Android)

Feature 6.1:
Action : buy item  (in PC)

Feature 6.2:
Action : sell item  (in PC)

Feature 6.3:
Design skills and level.  (in PC)

Feature 6.4:
Action : choose and upgrade hero's skill  (in PC)

Feature 6.5:
Action : use skill  (in PC)

Feature 6.6:
Action : attack  (both in PC and in Android)

Feature 6.99:
Design a proper world map. (both in PC and in Android)

Feature 7:
Design towers. (in PC)

Feature 8:
Design line creeps. (in PC)

Feature 8.1:
Line Creeps are capable of upgrading themselves after certain round  (in PC)

Feature 8.2:
Super Creeps will be sprawned after barracks have been destroyed  (in PC)

Feature 9:
Design towers AI. (in PC)

Feature 9.1:
Customisable Map Mesh  (both in PC and in Android)

Feature 9.2:
Better Graphics: Lighting  (in Android)







Advanced Features (to be done before next next milestone) :

Feature #6.7:
Design a few usable items

Feature #6.8:
Action : use usable item 

Feature 10:
Design rudimentary line creeps AI. (both in PC and in Android)

Feature 11:
Design a more detailed map with better graphics. (both in PC and in Android)

Feature 12:
Design rudimentary hero AI. (both in PC and in Android)

Feature 13:
Allow player to game with AI. (one on one) (both in PC and in Android)

Feature 14:
Design help menu to show game features and how to play the game. (both in PC and in Android)


In Addition :
Port all existing Game Logic in PC to Android






Be-A-Real-Game Features (to be done before splash-down):

Feature 15:
Allow player to game with AI. (team fight) (both in PC and in Android)

Feature 16:
Design and add neutral creeps. (both in PC and in Android)

Feature 17:
Design neutral creeps AI. (both in PC and in Android)

Feature 18:
More advanced line creep AI. (team fight) (both in PC and in Android)

Feature 19:
More advanced hero AI. (team fight) (both in PC and in Android)

Feature 20:
Add more game features(if possible) to the game. (team fight) (both in PC and in Android)





GOD-LIKE Features (might have to be implemented in the future):

Feature 21:
Test and balance the game, fix potential game bugs, etc.

Feature 22:
Internet connection, allow multiple players! (both in PC and in Android)

Feature 23:
Sound effect! (both in PC and in Android)

Feature 24:
Animation! (both in PC and in Android)
