Demonstrating video on Android platform:


Demonstrating video on PC platform:
http://v.youku.com/v_show/id_XNzMxMjQzMTQ4.html?x

* note: 
(the video for PC platform is longer than the 5 mins limit because it was made before the requirement, and since YanHao is on vacation, it is not practical for him to make another one in due course. Therefore, if you do not have the time to watch the full 9mins video demonstration, you can fast forward and grab the general idea. Sorry for any inconvenience caused!)




Features that has been done between milestone 1 and milestone 2:

Feature 1:
Design a few heroes feature for player to control throughout the game. (both in PC and in Android)

Feature 2:
Hero modeling in renders. (in Android)

Feature 3:
Implement round feature. (in PC)

Feature 4:
Allow hero to move around in the game map. (both in PC and in Android)

Feature 5:
Advanced Mathematics Acceleration Framework (Intel OpenCL, Renderscript, Accelerate.framework)
(in Android)

Feature 6:
Design a few items for player to purchase. (both in PC and in Android)

Feature 7:
Design skills and level.  (in PC)

Feature 8:
Allow hero to perform various actions. (both in PC and in Android)

Feature 8.1:
Action : buy item  (in PC)

Feature 8.2:
Action : sell item  (in PC)

Feature 8.3:
Action : choose and upgrade hero's skill  (in PC)

Feature 8.4:
Action : use skill  (in PC)

Feature 8.5:
Action : attack  (both in PC and in Android)

Feature 9:
Design a proper world map. (both in PC and in Android)

Feature 10:
Design towers. (in PC)

Feature 11:
Design towers AI. (in PC)

Feature 12:
Design line creeps. (in PC)

Feature 12.1:
Line Creeps are capable of upgrading themselves after certain round  (in PC)

Feature 12.2:
Super Creeps will be sprawned after barracks have been destroyed  (in PC)

Feature 13:
Design rudimentary line creeps AI. (in PC)

Feature 14:
Customisable Map Mesh  (both in PC and in Android)

Feature 15:
Better Graphics: Lighting  (in Android)






Features to be done before next milestone :

Feature 1:
Design a few usable items  (both in PC and in Android)

Feature 2:
Hero Action : use usable item   (both in PC and in Android)

Feature 3:
Design a more detailed map with better graphics. (both in PC and in Android)

Feature 4:
More advanced line creep AI. (both in PC and in Android)

Feature 5 :
Port all existing Game Logic in PC to Android

Feature 6:
Design rudimentary hero AI. (both in PC and in Android)

Feature 7:
Allow player to game with AI. (one on one) (both in PC and in Android)

Feature 8:
Design and add neutral creeps. (both in PC and in Android)

Feature 9:
Design neutral creeps AI. (both in PC and in Android)

Feature 10:
Design help menu to show game features and how to play the game. (both in PC and in Android)







Reference:

1. stackoverflow.com
http://www.songho.ca/opengl/gl_projectionmatrix.html


2. recording software in PC
http://baike.baidu.com/view/946272.htm?fr=aladdin






Log:
